ah so you ask me Jim with Christmas
approaching how do you do it I mean
between volunteering at the orphanage
for the blind donating your exceedingly
rare a ho b-negative blood teaching your
online course in tantric sex where do
you even find time to tend to your
organic community garden and I'll tell
you something Dakota the reason I can
make time for that level of selflessness
is because ironically enough i'm so
selfish as much happiness as I bring a
blind orphan who needs a transfusion
seeing his face light up when I walk
into the room seeing the abject awe at
my staggering benevolence
makes me a million times happier than
that miserable cyclist
dying child will ever be god bless us
everyone
Jim do you remember when we met at the
Renaissance Faire remember what you said
to me how can I forget milady I wonder
what it would be like to make sweet love
to an angel who flies solo I never can
contain my heart well I just want you to
know you're about to find out
would you mind if I sketch you know
you have to hold your pose silly
oh oh shit oh I have to go what yes no
I'm fine it's just that oh my pop-ups in
trouble pop pop yes I'm very close with
my pop-pop and he needs me he's dying
right this second really yes I'm
clairvoyant and his insides are shutting
down as we speak I really have to go can
i call you know I don't have a phone I
got rid of it oh my god thank you so
much for dinner did you have something
to do with this well I shall have a
hard-on what are we gonna do about that
yeah you better run